== Aggregates

In real life, most things are connected, directly or indirectly. Mimicking 
this approach when building large software systems tends to bring unnecessary 
complexity and poor performance. DDD provides tactics to help you sort these 
things out, with aggregates being one of the most important ones. Aggregates 
help with decoupling large structures by setting rules for relations between 
entities. An aggregate is essentially a very closely related set of entities 
and value objects. An aggregate root is a special kind of entity in the 
aggregate that controls external access to the set of closely related entities 
and value objects.

Cargo is the central aggregate in the application. The classes in the cargo 
aggregate are in the 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/tree/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/cargo[org.eclipse.cargotracker.domain.model.cargo] 
package. 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/cargo/Cargo.java[Cargo] 
is the aggregate root, and the aggregate also contains the Value Objects 
delivery, itinerary, leg, and a few more classes.

image::aggregate.png[]

https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/tree/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/handling[Handling] 
is another important aggregate. It contains the handling events that are 
registered throughout a cargo's progress from NOT_RECEIVED to CLAIMED. The 
handling events have a relation to the cargo to which the event belongs. This 
is allowed since cargo itself is an aggregate root.

The main reason for not making handling events part of the cargo aggregate is 
performance. Handling events are received from external parties and systems, 
e.g., warehouse management systems, port handling systems, that call our 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/interfaces/handling/rest/HandlingReportService.java[HandlingReportService] 
REST web service implementation. The number of events can be very high, and it 
is important that our web service can dispatch the remote calls quickly. To be 
able to support this use case, we need to handle the web service calls 
asynchronously, i.e., we do not want to load the big cargo structure 
synchronously for each received handling event. Since all relationships in an 
aggregate must be handled synchronously, we put the handling event in an 
aggregate of its own, enabling us to process the events quickly and at the 
same time eliminate lock contention in the system.
