== Entities

https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/cargo/Cargo.java/[Cargo] 
has both a clear identity and a life-cycle with state transitions that we care 
about, so it's an entity. It is obviously a key concept in the domain. Many 
cargo instances will exist in the system simultaneously. The different 
instances may have the same origin and destination, they may even contain the 
same kind of things, but it is important for us to be able to track individual 
cargo instances. In our case the cargo's identity is its tracking ID. The 
tracking ID is assigned upon creation and is never changed. This is the handle 
used to track the cargo's progress (e.g. from the tracking website).

The cargo's delivery state will change during its lifetime. Its transport 
status will start out as NOT_RECEIVED, i.e., booked but not yet handed over to 
the shipping company at the port, and in the normal case ends its life as 
CLAIMED (note that this is a property of the cargo's 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/cargo/Delivery.java[Delivery]), 
tracking the current state of the cargo. During a cargo's lifetime, it may be 
assigned new destinations, its itinerary may be changed many times, and its 
delivery will be recalculated as new 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/handling/HandlingEvent.java[HandlingEvents] 
are received.

image::cargo.png[]

https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/Voyage.java[Voyage] 
is a vessel's trip from origin to destination, typically made up of several 
segments 
(https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/CarrierMovement.java[CarrierMovements]). 
In the application, a 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/Voyage.java[Voyage] 
consists of a 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/Schedule.java[Schedule] 
with the different 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/CarrierMovement.java[CarrierMovements] 
in it and has a very clear notion of identity, 
https://github.com/eclipse-ee4j/cargotracker/blob/master/src/main/java/org/eclipse/cargotracker/domain/model/voyage/VoyageNumber.java[VoyageNumber].
This ID could be something like a flight number for air shipments or a vessel 
voyage number for a ship; it is not the name or the identification of the 
actual vessel.

Unsurprisingly, domain entities are usually implemented as Jakarta 
Persistence (JPA) entities. Note, however, that sometimes it is necessary or 
convenient to implement value objects as Jakarta Persistence (JPA) entities 
as well.
